docs: fix pipeable operators link (#2709)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/store/selectors.md

Selectors empower you to compose a [read model for your application state](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/cqrs#solution).
In terms of the CQRS architectural pattern, NgRx separates the read model (selectors) from the write model (reducers).

> An advanced technique is to combine selectors with [RxJS pipeable operators](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxjs/blob/master/docs_app/content/guide/v6/pipeable-operators.md).

Reviewer: Thanks for updating the link!
What about pointing to the docs website instead?

```suggestion
An advanced technique is to combine selectors with [RxJS pipeable operators](https://rxjs.dev/guide/v6/pipeable-operators).
```

Author: @timdeschryver update link to doc website

Reviewer: Great, thanks!
